Special character classifier (#358)
code-kern-ai/bricks: classifiers/reference_quality/special_character_classifier/code_snippet_refinery.md

```python
import unicodedata
from typing import Optional, List, Tuple

ATTRIBUTE: str = "text" # only text attributes

> ALLOWED_RANGES: List[Tuple[int,int]] = None

Reviewer: currently not possible with bricks integrator. But since optional probably still possible

Author: Changed this to `List[int]` now.

> ATTRIBUTE: str = "text" # only text attributes
> ALLOWED_RANGES: List[int] = None # list of integers that represent Unicode code points
> LABEL: str = "has_special_character"

Reviewer: first mandatory then optional otherwise it looks a bit weird in the integrator imo

```suggestion
ATTRIBUTE: str = "text" # only text attributes
LABEL: str = "has_special_character"
ALLOWED_RANGES: List[int] = None # list of integers that represent Unicode code points
```

default_allowed_values = set(range(0x0020, 0x007F)).union( # Basic Latin
    set(range(0x00A0, 0x00FF)), # Latin-1 Supplement
    set(range(0x0100, 0x017F)),  # Latin Extended-A
    set(range(0x0180, 0x024F)),  # Latin Extended-B
    set(range(0x2000, 0x206F)),  # General Punctuation
    set(range(0x20A0, 0x20CF)),  # Currency Symbols
    set([ord("\t"), ord("\n"), ord("\r")])# common stop chars
)  

def special_character_classifier(record):
    text = record[ATTRIBUTE].text    

    allowed = ALLOWED_RANGES
    if not allowed:
        allowed = default_allowed_values
    for char in text:

>         if ord(char) not in allowed and unicodedata.category(char) != "Zs":
>             return "true"
>     return "false"

Reviewer: usually we use more descriptive labels and only for the true case. So maybe LABEL as variable and "contains special" as default?

```suggestion
        if ord(char) not in allowed and unicodedata.category(char) != "Zs":
            return LABEL
```

Author: Added this.
